add zero 3w docs (#244)
radxa-docs/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/zero/zero3w/getting-started/before-start.md

## Required items

- ZERO 3W motherboard

- The following storage media:  
  microSD card with a capacity of not less than 8GB.

- Power supply:  
  The ZERO 3W is powered by Type-C connector and supports 5V input only. It is recommended to use a 5V/2A power adapter as a minimum.
  :::tip
  Radxa recommends using the [Radxa Power PD30W](/accessories/pd_30w).
  :::

- USB Keyboard and Type-C Hub  
  The ZERO 3W has 1 USB-C port and can be equipped with a full-size keyboard and mouse with the Type-C Hub.

- Monitor and Micro HDMI cable  
  The ZERO 3W is equipped with a Micro HDMI connector. It is recommended to use a monitor with HDMI capability.
  The ZERO 3W supports resolutions up to 1920 x 1080.

- microSD card reader  
  Flashes the image to a microSD card.

## Optional

- USB to TTL serial cable.  
  For [Serial Debugging](/general-tutorial/serial).

- Camera  
  ZERO 3W supports camera function.

## System Installation

First, select the [Official Image](/rock3/official-images) you want to use and download it.

Then, refer to the [Operating System Installation Guide](/general-tutorial/os-installation) to swipe the image to the storage media.

> Finally, insert the system storage media: microSD card or eMMC module into the socket on the motherboard and power up the ZERO 3W via the Type-C power adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, insert the system storage media: microSD card into the socket on the SBC and power up the ZERO 3W via the Type-C power adapter.
```
